designDocs/timeLog.md, before:

### Enterprise Java Time Log

| Week | Hours | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
|------|-------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1    | 4     | Environment setup/testing                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| 2    | 3     | Git setup, repo practice<br/>project pitch for Trek Roulette                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| 3    | 13    | Weekly work<br/>Database design for Trek Roulette                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| 4    | 10    | Database creation for Trek Roulette<br/>Hibernate setup, DAO testing<br/>Finalizing Checkpoint 1 documents and adding final revisions                                                                                                                                                                                |
| 5    | 25    | Shift from entity-based to generic DAO<br/>Develop and refine unit testing for generic DAO<br/>Revise database environment<br/>Build testing database for JUnit use                                                                                                                                                  |
| 6    | 43    | Week 5 overlap tasks<br/>Create AWS account<br/>Create AWS environment/app<br/>Post files to AWS and begin debugging/troubleshooting<br/>Peer code review (Matt Bryan)                                                                                                                                               |
| 7    | 37    | Cognito authentication setup and exercises<br/>Preparing project for checkpoint 2                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| 8    | 54    | (Work overlapped into spring break)<br/>Implement calls to web APIs<br/>Create object mappings from API call responses<br/>Implement STAPI into personal project<br/>Research ApiException causes/solutions<br/>Post to STAPI GitHub repo to debug error<br/>Some functions require new release to address (pending) |
| 9    | x     | tasks                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| 10   | x     | tasks                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| 11   | x     | tasks                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| 12   | x     | tasks                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| 13   | x     | tasks                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| 14   | x     | tasks                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| 15   | x     | tasks                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| 16   | x     | tasks                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

Commit message:

controller package Javadoc completed.
Documentation finalized and updated with end of development information.

Verified that original projected MVC matches delivered MVC, added notes to README to such effect.

designDocs/timeLog.md, after:

### Enterprise Java Time Log

| Week | Hours | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
|------|-------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1    | 4     | Environment setup/testing                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| 2    | 3     | Git setup, repo practice<br/>project pitch for Trek Roulette                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| 3    | 13    | Weekly work<br/>Database design for Trek Roulette                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| 4    | 10    | Database creation for Trek Roulette<br/>Hibernate setup, DAO testing<br/>Finalizing Checkpoint 1 documents and adding final revisions                                                                                                                                                                                |
| 5    | 25    | Shift from entity-based to generic DAO<br/>Develop and refine unit testing for generic DAO<br/>Revise database environment<br/>Build testing database for JUnit use                                                                                                                                                  |
| 6    | 43    | Week 5 overlap tasks<br/>Create AWS account<br/>Create AWS environment/app<br/>Post files to AWS and begin debugging/troubleshooting<br/>Peer code review (Matt Bryan)                                                                                                                                               |
| 7    | 37    | Cognito authentication setup and exercises<br/>Preparing project for checkpoint 2                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| 8    | 54    | (Work overlapped into spring break)<br/>Implement calls to web APIs<br/>Create object mappings from API call responses<br/>Implement STAPI into personal project<br/>Research ApiException causes/solutions<br/>Post to STAPI GitHub repo to debug error<br/>Some functions require new release to address (pending) |
| 9    | N/A   | Group project                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| 10   | N/A   | Group project                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| 11   | N/A   | Group project                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| 12   | N/A   | Group project                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| 13   | 43    | Figuring out what I was doing when I left off<br>Starting version 3 of the project<br>Migrating classes, entities, and documentation to Mk3<br>Identifying opportunities for extra functionality                                                                                                                     |
| 14   | 34    | Professional Development project and presentation<br>Reconstruction of controller and service classes<br>Introduction of collection management and editing                                                                                                                                                           |
| 15   | 44    | Refactor classes to reduce work in existing classes<br>Close gaps in testing<br>Peer review with Erick Reyes<br>Catching up on missing work<br>Deciding on final CSS template for project                                                                                                                                  |
| 16   | 23    | Incorporate existing JSP structure into CSS template<br>Push to AWS and test login, log out, and register<br>Adjust CSS template to suit page needs                                                                                                                                                                  |
